[DOCS] Updates Bulk Helper information (#2123)
elastic/elasticsearch-ruby: docs/helpers.asciidoc

=== Bulk Helper

> The Bulk API in Elasticsearch allows you to perform multiple indexing or delete operations in a single API call. This reduces overhead and can greatly increase indexing speed. The actions are specified in the request body using a newline delimited JSON (NDJSON) structure. In the Elasticsearch Ruby client, the `bulk` method supports several data structures as a parameter. You can use the Bulk API in an idiomatic way without worrying about the formatting of the payload. See <<ex-bulk>> for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Bulk API in Elasticsearch allows you to perform multiple indexing or deletion operations through a single API call, resulting in reduced overhead and improved indexing speed. The actions are specified in the request body using a newline delimited JSON (NDJSON) structure. In the Elasticsearch Ruby client, the `bulk` method supports several data structures as a parameter. You can use the Bulk API in an idiomatic way without concerns about payload formatting. Refer to <<ex-bulk>> for more information.
```
